added schedule and schedule shift documentation (#36)
TamakiControl/tamaki-mes-docs: docs/appendix/data-model/inventory-model/inventory-lot-record.md

Both fields reference the `Location` entity, facilitating precise tracking of inventory movements within the facility.
See [locations](../location-model/location) for details.

### `schedule_shift_record_id`

> References the `ScheduleShiftRecord` entity that defines the shift during which this inventory action was performed. This links the inventory action to a specific shift, allowing for better tracking of inventory activities over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
References the `ScheduleShiftRecord` entity that was active during which this inventory action was performed. This links the inventory action to a specific shift record, allowing for better tracking of inventory activities over time.
```
